README.md, before:

# ov-wag

![CI](https://github.com/WGBH-MLA/ov-wag/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/WGBH-MLA/ov-wag/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/WGBH-MLA/ov-wag)

# Open Vault: Wagtail
#### From GBH
Wagtail CMS for [Open Vault](https://openvault.wgbh.org/)

## Usage
### Install
`pip install ov-wag`

#### Local installation
Clone the repo: `git clone https://github.com/WGBH-MLA/ov-wag.git`

Install the package in editable mode:
`pip install -e .`

### Init script

Several common functions can be executed with the `ov` init script (using Docker)

See `ov -h` for more detailed usage

#### For example

`ov dev` will start the development server locally.

_Note_ For most commands, additional args will be passed on to the parent command.

- `dev` | `d`
  - starts a local development server
- `build` | `b`
  - build (or rebuild) the docker image
- `shell` | `s`
  - starts a shell with all django variables loaded
- `manage` | `m`
  - run a `manage.py` command
- `cmd` | `c`
  - run a command directly on the container
  - e.g.
    - `ov c bash`
    - `ov c python3 -c "print('OpenVault!')"`


## develop

### pre-commit secret scanning

0. Install [ggshield](https://docs.gitguardian.com/ggshield-docs/getting-started)

```shell
pip install ggshield
# or
brew install gitguardian/tap/ggshield
```

1. Login to gitguardian

```shell
ggshield auth login
```

2. Install the pre-commit hooks

```shell
pre-commit install
```

Commit message:

Adds PDM install instructions for local dev

README.md, after:

# ov-wag

![CI](https://github.com/WGBH-MLA/ov-wag/actions/workflows/CI.yml/badge.svg) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/WGBH-MLA/ov-wag/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/WGBH-MLA/ov-wag)

# Open Vault: Wagtail
#### From GBH
Wagtail CMS for [Open Vault](https://openvault.wgbh.org/)

## Usage
### Install
The published version can be installed using pip:

`pip install ov-wag`

#### Local installation
For local devopment, install [PDM](https://pdm.fming.dev/) for dependency management.

`pip install pdm`

##### Clone the repo:
`git clone https://github.com/WGBH-MLA/ov-wag.git`

##### Install the package:
`pdm install` 

### Init script

Several common functions can be executed with the `ov` init script (using Docker)

See `ov -h` for more detailed usage

#### For example

`ov dev` will start the development server locally.

_Note_ For most commands, additional args will be passed on to the parent command.

- `dev` | `d`
  - starts a local development server
- `build` | `b`
  - build (or rebuild) the docker image
- `shell` | `s`
  - starts a shell with all django variables loaded
- `manage` | `m`
  - run a `manage.py` command
- `cmd` | `c`
  - run a command directly on the container
  - e.g.
    - `ov c bash`
    - `ov c python3 -c "print('OpenVault!')"`


## develop

### pre-commit secret scanning

0. Install [ggshield](https://docs.gitguardian.com/ggshield-docs/getting-started)

```shell
pip install ggshield
# or
brew install gitguardian/tap/ggshield
```

1. Login to gitguardian

```shell
ggshield auth login
```

2. Install the pre-commit hooks

```shell
pre-commit install
```
